docs/notes.md, before:

# Plan

## Framework

- Use <https://zube.io/> to handle task lists
- Weekly meeting Friday
- Git Flow <https://danielkummer.github.io/git-flow-cheatsheet/>

## Tasks

- Environmental Scientist
  - James: Manage sensor accounts and configure settings: Add setting menu for each sensor, add fake settings
  - Jacob: View and analyse historical environmental data: Graph the data
  - Dan: Generate comprehensive reports on environmental trends
  - Kane: Use a map to view real-time sensor statuses and alerts geographically
- Operation Manager
  - Jacob: Monitor the operational status of sensors: Add battery level to map
  - Dan: Schedule maintenance and ensure timely checks: Battery low alerts
  - James: Address and report sensor malfunctions or anomalies:  Add inspection date + reminders to each sensor
  - Kane: Verify the accuracy and integrity of collected data
- Administrator
  - James: Manage user access and roles within the application: Database accounts for each user
  - Dan: Maintain high levels of system security and data protection: Minimum required permissions on database
  - Jacob: Oversee data storage and implement backup strategies: Backup button which copies database file
  - Kane: Update sensor configurations and firmware

## Timescale

- Week 1 (10th)
  - Finish Data Modelling
  - Brush up on MAUI

- Week 2
  - Shove input data into database, design for needed features
  - Build groundwork for app
  - Design UI (Wireframes etc.)
  - Everyone: Create issues/UML/etc. for our tasks

- Week 3
  - Complete tasks

- Week 4
  - Complete tasks

- Week 5
  - Presentation

## Additions

- As an alternate, more real data source we can use this: <https://grafana.ehlab.uk/d/lNTfyoJ7z/environment-sensors>
- This helps as it's more real, and closer to what the spec assumes the data is like
- For maps use <https://mapsui.com/documentation/getting-started-maui.html>

Commit message:

Added Navigate to sensor feature

docs/notes.md, after:

# Plan

## Framework

- Use <https://zube.io/> to handle task lists
- Weekly meeting Friday
- Git Flow <https://danielkummer.github.io/git-flow-cheatsheet/>

## Tasks

- Environmental Scientist
  - James: Locate and navigate to sensors in the field for maintenance or inspection purposes.
  - Jacob: View and analyse historical environmental data: Graph the data
  - Dan: Generate comprehensive reports on environmental trends
  - Kane: Use a map to view real-time sensor statuses and alerts geographically
- Operation Manager
  - Jacob: Monitor the operational status of sensors: Add battery level to map
  - Dan: Schedule maintenance and ensure timely checks: Battery low alerts
  - James: Address and report sensor malfunctions or anomalies:  Add inspection date + reminders to each sensor
  - Kane: Verify the accuracy and integrity of collected data
- Administrator
  - James: Manage user access and roles within the application: Database accounts for each user
  - Dan: Maintain high levels of system security and data protection: Minimum required permissions on database
  - Jacob: Oversee data storage and implement backup strategies: Backup button which copies database file
  - Kane: Update sensor configurations and firmware

## Timescale

- Week 1 (10th)
  - Finish Data Modelling
  - Brush up on MAUI

- Week 2
  - Shove input data into database, design for needed features
  - Build groundwork for app
  - Design UI (Wireframes etc.)
  - Everyone: Create issues/UML/etc. for our tasks

- Week 3
  - Complete tasks

- Week 4
  - Complete tasks

- Week 5
  - Presentation

## Additions

- As an alternate, more real data source we can use this: <https://grafana.ehlab.uk/d/lNTfyoJ7z/environment-sensors>
- This helps as it's more real, and closer to what the spec assumes the data is like
- For maps use <https://mapsui.com/documentation/getting-started-maui.html>
